feat: Test execute the monitor against specific block (#133)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/quickstart.adoc

* Adjust the transfer threshold by modifying the `expression` value.
* Monitor additional ERC20 tokens by creating new monitor configurations.

> * xref:quickstart.adoc#testing_the_monitor[Test the Monitor] configuration against a block number

Reviewer: Need to update this link reference

2. Watch for large dex swaps.
3. Send notifications via Slack when large swaps occur.

**Running monitor against a specific block**

You can run the monitor against a specific block number for testing or debugging purposes. This is useful when you want to verify how the monitor behaves.

[source,bash]
----

> cargo run -- --monitorName "Large Transfer of USDC Token" --network=ethereum_mainnet --block=12345678

Reviewer: Would it makes sense to reference the path to the json file of the monitor here instead? This approach would require "monitorName" to be unique across all your monitors and could make it a bit tricky to maintain unique names across all your monitors. With a reference to the file, we could just load the monitor and test against the latest block number of all networks defined in there, OR if a specific `--block` flag is defined, we also require you to define the `--network` flag.
Additionally, we would need some validation in place that the network is defined for that monitor.

Just thinking out loud here, would that make sense?

> cargo run -- --monitorName "Large Transfer of USDC Token" --network=ethereum_mainnet --block=12345678

Reviewer: Don't forget to reflect the changes here

2. Watch for large dex swaps.
3. Send notifications via Slack when large swaps occur.

**Testing the monitor**

You can test the monitor in two different ways:

> 1. **Run monitor for latest blocks on all networks configured for the monitor**:

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that testing monitor configurations belongs to the quickstart guide. The goal of the quickstart is to get the user up and running a simple setup. I'd move this part to the main documentation as the last block inside the section "Configuration Files". We could call it "Testing your configuration".

+
[source,bash]
----
cargo run -- --monitorPath="config/monitor/evm_transfer_usdc.json"
----
+
This command will:
* Execute the monitor named "Large Transfer of USDC Token"
* Run it against all networks specified in the monitor configuration
* Process the latest block for each network

> 2. **Run monitor for a specific block number**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Run the monitor against a specific block number**:
```
